the design of são bernardo do campo performed
in the dawn of this Tuesday a mega
operation there to learn the greater
gang specializing in theft of
trucks here on major highways
de são paulo and who is by my side
actor carlos alberto da cunha delegate
holder dise doctor I wanted me
talk to tv benon a little about
these prisons and above all this apparatus
of this mega operation is to make of all
viewer buttons on the
netizens the tv bernô is was a demand
of our municipality of são bernardo robão
a problem that plagues us
many years ago we had an index
relatively high and because of this we
we started to investigate more
this crime we have been mapping the
blocks from your base
until we reach the leaderships and we
we can map the cycle of theft of
truck in the municipality of são bernardo in the
capital and is a cycle that works
The entire state of São Paulo is
invested after five months of
investigations
the work resulted in 49 warrants
temporary custody and more than 90
search warrants and home seizure
right now we have
33 people already arrested today and
operation continues not only today
but throughout this week in what
consisted of the work is the basis of the
crime of robbery crime is robbery of
Truck okay to make it clear that
it was none is charge theft that
gang specializing in stealing
truck mechanic a and the cart
to be selling these equipments
How does a circus work?
o the big companies that want to buy
know that the parts are stolen that are
cheaper by economy looked for the
everton magnum gang leaders
criminals in this magno inclusive
lawyer and with these leaders were made
orders for spare parts that
the companies then needed is these
marginal they are on the bridge
of the gang pyramid because they have
contact as the final recipient that the
fence
however they control the whole cycle
then this marginal magnum is and until the
base of the pyramid took its soldiers
of crime and part went to crime
the main one being the theft is knowing what
the recipient's support is not
person had commissioned the gang and
I was going to the track already in search of that
mercedez red truck a cap
white made on board the trucker
stopped on the track so the name of the
operating the operation does not stop on the track
then the truck drivers who stop at
clue are blown out of the glass and
are abducted by a
they take this truck to
a safer location is a blocker
and one of the experts in the
gang comes up to the stolen truck and
removes the trackers so that the
security company can not
Recover Truck Trackers
this truck goes to a
clandestine cutting where it is cut
and any and all of its parts are made a
package a package of parts to be sold
of clandestine cutting of cuts
trucks headed for other breakdowns
pseudo legalized
these break-ins get the trucks
stolen and pass it on to
recipient through a note
the prosecution in thesis is true but that we
we know that it is the product of crimes and everything
now proven so that the large
companies and had a shield to power
is buying trucks and stolen parts
at a cost that is totally incompatible
with the market
just to remind how many people are trapped
this morning as prisons
then of the 49 arrest warrants
temporary we are still
fulfilling our management, we are already 33
people arrested and we have weapons we have
drugs stolen trucks a series of
equipment for cutting truck finally
the whole apparatus of the gang
a lawyer who worked on this
organization advocated for them and why
she was curious prey
It is an incident that we believe
we have known it happened along
the operation then we believe that the
leader of the gang was informed by
this lawyer through a leak of
information we are investigating the
that on this dawn there would be operation and
against this we have executed warrants
seven addresses and we could not
find it at any of the addresses but
with the evidence we obtained from
conduct that the lawyer has had is
for he is learning and flagrant crime
by gang formation because
unfortunately she came out of her conduct give
and became a
participation or otherwise a culture of all
those crimes that are committed by this
gang clinch doctor the greatest leader
of this gang the magnum that
curiosity that is a lawyer also has
two rg of the cpf is known as magno
cardoso dos santos and marco cardoso
Fernandes is a curiosity not yet
was arrested but it is very interesting are
two days two and pf two names one clean
in the Olympic is that you can conclude is a
very articulate criminal, he has not
had been arrested with one of the names to
to be able to resume life in crime in a
he bada it through chip documents
fake it has a second number of rg
a second cpf and declare
lace on both feet
the dise continues to track the criminal
and we will do everything to lose in the
shortest possible time
So I want to thank the doctor from the wedge.
thank you very much
these are the information there of this mega
operation
manuel alves for tv bernô